PEP 701: Correct link to nested interpolation strings (#2933)
python/peps: pep-0701.rst

    SyntaxError: f-string expression part cannot include '#'

#. Arbitrary nesting of expressions without expansion of escape sequences is

>    available in many other languages employing a string interpolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   available in many other languages that employ a string interpolation
```

Avoids any semantic ambiguity here and slightly clearer phrasing

   method that uses expressions instead of just variable names. Some examples:

   .. code-block:: text

      # Ruby
      "#{ "#{1+2}" }"

>       # Javascript
>       `${`${1+2}`}`
> 
>       # Swift
>       "\("\(1+2)")"
> 
>       # C sharp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # JavaScript
      `${`${1+2}`}`

      # Swift
      "\("\(1+2)")"

      # C#
```
